PoS - Broken links, copy edits (#165)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/concepts/transactions/meta-transactions.md

To integrate your dApp with Meta Transactions on Polygon, you can choose to go with one of the following
relayers or spin up a custom solution:

> - [Biconomy](https://docs.biconomy.io/Account/transactions/gasless)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Biconomy](https://docs.biconomy.io/account/transactions/gasless)
```

- Choose between a custom simple relayer node/biconomy.

>   - For Biconomy, setup a dapp from the dashboard and save the api-id and api-key, see: [https://docs.biconomy.io/](https://docs.biconomy.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For Biconomy, setup a dapp from the dashboard and save the api-id and api-key, see: [https://docs.biconomy.io/](https://docs.biconomy.io/).
```

    **Steps:**

>     1. Let's register our contracts to Biconomy dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Let's register our contracts on the Biconomy dashboard
```

Reviewer: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/scannable-content/lists#numbered-lists

>        1. Visit [Biconomy's offical docs](https://docs.biconomy.io/dashboard)
>        2. Navigate and login to the Dashboard
>        3. Select `Polygon Mumbai` when registering your dapp
>     2. Copy the`API key` to use for you dapp's frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Visit [Biconomy's offical docs](https://docs.biconomy.io/dashboard).
       2. Navigate and login to the Dashboard.
       3. Select `Polygon Mumbai` when registering your dApp.
    2. Copy the`API key` to use for you dApp's frontend.
```

    params: msgParams
  });

> ```

Reviewer: to delete?

> - Once you have a relayer and the contracts set up, what is required is for the client to be able to fetch an EIP-712 formatted signature and simply call the API with the required parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you have a relayer and the contracts are set up, the client can fetch an EIP-712 formatted signature and call the API with the required parameters.
```

> ref: [https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/sign.js#L47](https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/sign.js#L47)

Reviewer: Is this a ref with regards to the code below? If so you could footnote it instead, it might be cleaner. Check an example here: https://docs.polygon.technology/cdk/how-to/manage-policies/#get-information-about-a-policy and the docs here: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/footnotes/

      }]
  }, [accounts[0]]);

  let _nonce = await web3.eth.call ({
    to: token["80001"],
    data
  });

  const dataToSign = getTypedData({
    name: token["name"],
    version: '1',
    salt: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000013881',
    verifyingContract: token["80001"],
    nonce: parseInt(_nonce),
    from: accounts[0],
    functionSignature: functionSig
  });
  const msgParams = [accounts[0], JSON.stringify(dataToSign)];

  let sig = await eth.request ({
    method: 'eth_signTypedData_v3',
    params: msgParams
  });
```

Calling the API, ref: [https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/sign.js#L110](https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/sign.js#L110)

```jsx
const response = await request.post(
    'http://localhost:3000/exec', {
      json: txObj,
    },
    (error, res, body) => {
      if (error) {
        console.error(error)
        return
      }
      document.getElementById(el).innerHTML =
      `response:`+ JSON.stringify(body)
    }
  )
```

> If using Biconomy, the following should be called:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Biconomy, use the following:
```

Reviewer: Avoid passive wherever possible.

```jsx
const response = await request.post(
    'https://api.biconomy.io/api/v2/meta-tx/native', {
      json: txObj,
    },
    (error, res, body) => {
      if (error) {
        console.error(error)
        return
      }
      document.getElementById(el).innerHTML =
      `response:`+ JSON.stringify(body)
    }
  )
```

> where the `txObj` should look something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `txObj` should look something like:
```

```json
{
    "to": "0x2395d740789d8C27C139C62d1aF786c77c9a1Ef1",
    "apiId": <API ID COPIED FROM THE API PAGE>,
    "params": [
        "0x2173fdd5427c99357ba0dd5e34c964b08079a695",
        "0x2e1a7d4d000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a",
        "0x42da8b5ac3f1c5c35c3eb38d639a780ec973744f11ff75b81bbf916300411602",
        "0x32bf1451a3e999b57822bc1a9b8bfdfeb0da59aa330c247e4befafa997a11de9",
        "27"
    ],
    "from": "0x2173fdd5427c99357ba0dd5e34c964b08079a695"
}
```

- If you use the custom API it executes the `executeMetaTransaction` function on the contract:

(ref: [https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/server/index.js#L40](https://github.com/angelagilhotra/ETHOnline-Workshop/blob/6b615b8a4ef00553c17729c721572529303c8e1b/2-network-agnostic-transfer/server/index.js#L40))

```jsx
try {
    let tx = await contract.methods.executeMetaTransaction(
      txDetails.from, txDetails.fnSig, r, s, v
    ).send ({
      from: user,
      gas: 800000
    })
    req.txHash = tx.transactionHash
  } catch (err) {
    console.log (err)
    next(err)
  }
```

> is using biconomy, the client side call looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Biconomy, the client side call looks like:
```

```jsx
// client/src/App.js
import React from "react";
import Biconomy from "@biconomy/mexa";

const getWeb3 = new Web3(biconomy);
biconomy
    .onEvent(biconomy.READY, () => {
      // Initialize your dapp here like getting user accounts etc
      console.log("Mexa is Ready");
    })
    .onEvent(biconomy.ERROR, (error, message) => {
      // Handle error while initializing mexa
    console.error(error);
    });

/**

> * use the getWeb3 object to define a contract and calling the function directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the `getWeb3` object to define a contract and call the function directly.
```
